Do you have to screw it to the floor in order not to fall over?
Width of poles?
Does your cat love this?
4 CATS - None under 18 pounds - will this product hold up to, say, 3 at a time boxing each other for top floor? It's what I hoped for if it works.
What are the posts made of?
Is the height 89” from the base all the way to the top of the house? Also, is it too wobbly, or still stand with one 13-14 pound Norwegian forest cat?
How strong is the wood scent? Does it dissipate over time?
What is the thickness of the wood boards?
can it be used on a large covered front porch?
What is the size of the base? From the photos, it does not appear to be 14" x 49", as listed.
Why wouldn't you use a furnature anchor to brace it tight against a wall?
Is there a way to place the bottom box "house" more towards the top?
Are the cats comfortable on the bare wood? I do not want carpet, but was hoping a small mat/pad could be securely attached to provide more comfort.
How big is the box it's delivered in?
Does anybody have declawed cats using this tree?
What is the size of the box with the hole?
I have two cats-13 lb and 20 lb. Would this be big enough for them or what would be?
What is the diameter of the two cat beds at the top?
The 3 "branches" with the hanging balls - are they rigid or bendable? Would you think it could be a risk for them to jump into and get hurt? Can the branch things be left off without adversely affecting the rest?
what is the weight limit?
Would this be a good cat tree for an american shorthair kitten?
What is the height from the base to the bottom of the house? Is it tall enough for a grown cat to stretch up and claw on the post, stretching?
My american shorthair kitten doesn't use this tree much. How do i get her more interested in this vs my furniture?
They kitty towers are super wobbly, is there a fix for that?
What is the return policy for this item?
Is it easy to put together?
Is this shipped in a box that says Amazon on it? I want it to be a surprise for someone with their first kitty.
Has anyone had a problem with a cat tipping over when scratching or being unstable? Thanks!
How deep are these shelves? is there a weight capacity? i have a 20lb miane coon.
Would this shelf be large enough to fit a cat and a feeder dish?
Is there fabric material (for cats to grip) on the top-face of the shelf?
I want to install this under a window. if centered, i won’t be able to mount this on studs. can i use anchors?
Does anyone have a picture of the brackets and/or installation? I'm not clear on how these attach to the wall.
Is there space for a cat to turn around? I want them to be able to exit the shelf the same side they enter from.
Is there any tips for how to install the condo?
Does the cat tree have an installation video for reference?
Can the plush of the cat tree be removed? How to clean it?
Can the platform hold two cats?
Is this cat tower suitable for my 17-pound cat？
Will the cat tower topple over easily？My cat is about 7-8 pounds.
What size are the screws used?
Can the cat tree be used outdoors?
Can cats scratch the posts?
My cat is very sensitive, is there any special smell of the cat tower?
What material does the plush covering use?
What's the size of the top perch? My cat is fat.
When cats scratch the cat tower's post, will it break the rope?
How is the ramp held on ?
Is this tree just for kittens or can an adult cat use it?
Does this product have replacement parts?
Are there any replacement parts for this product? Specifically the scratching posts.
Do the cats ever really use the hammock part?
Why are overall dimensions much larger than base dimensions? Is it just the ramp is included in overall dimensions? Want to be sure size of base.
how can i get directions for setup?
i want to use this for fostering kit
Can I please get the deminsions of the perches and the box? For V high base. Thank you.
Is the rope made of sisal?
How tall is it?
What is the length of the poles to the first platform? The length to the cube? The length to the top platform?
Was this made in China?
Can I buy replacement tubes
How tall is the v high base model? we are looking for a very tall cat tree.
The reported dimensions in the descriptions seem completely off. What are the actual dimensions of the base?
On the v-high base, how many inches is it from the base to the bottom of the cube?
where is it made
how tall is this item??
Will this support the weight of a Maine Coon? He’s 19lbs now but he’s only 1 and has two more years of growing to do
What is the dimensions of the house part?
Is the condo really 6.6inches by 5inches? It can't possibly that small right? Or is that the hole size? I want the full condo size
What are the dimensions of the bed on the top??
What are the dimensions of the condo?
My new rescue is kind of "fluffy." 15 lbs. Will she be able to fit inside the tube area and the box area?
Is this item going to come back into stock in light grey? I've been told multiple times yes to no avail. Please advise.
The pictures are a bit confusing as to what color the grey is. Is it a very light grey or a darker grey? I’ve seen both in the pictures. Thanks!
What is the dimensions of the top platform? What is the dimensions of.the platform that the condo is on?
Does this cat gym smell when it's opened?
What tools will you need to assemble them? Is it too difficult?
Is this good for large cats? … i have a mainecoon mix who’s about 22” or so long
A lot of reviews make this product sound super tiny. Is it not big enough for a full grown slightly chonky kitty?
Does it smell? the wood?
Is this the picture we're going with? Just...like...I love it. Made my day. :)
Where is this made?
Can the top platform be on the left or right? The images show it on both sides.
I received my package and it has a prop65 warning for risk of exposure to formaldehyde. Any more info on this? I don’t want to open the box now
Could this work for a rabbit?
What are the dimensions of the top platform?
just received this but mine didn’t come with an instruction manual. How am I suppose to put it together?
How large is the top? My cats are heavy. The one I have now top is 12 by 17 inches.
Hi ! How can I get an extra cushion for the top , please ?!
What is the “depth” measurement of the base?
How tall is the tree assembled? You just have the packaged dimensions listed.
what are the dimensions of the top perch?
What is the weight limit my cat weighs 17 pounds will it hold him??
is this suitable for a 20 lb cat?
How hard is this to put together?
Is this gig enough for a 16 lb cat?
Am I able to return this if it is too small for my cat?
Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help.
Could i attatch a hammock?
Can you buy replacement scratching posts
Is this returnable?
Is the bottom platform wood or covered in material?
Can this be built "mirrored" such that the cat house portion is on the left side with the opening still facing forward?
Hello. What is the shipping dimensions of this product? I need the shipping dimensions, not the product dimensions, please :)
Is this made in America?
What is the measurement in inches of the bottom open space between the inside of scratching post and inside of the condo support posts?
Would all the components of this cat tree be usable by a 16lbs and up cat? Would the tree also be able to hold that weight and not be shaky?
Reviews say wobbly or sturdy - is the wobbly because not put together well? Or can you do something to make it more sturdy?
How do I find replacement parts for cat trees?
Is this cat tree stable enough for multiple cats? I am thinking about getting a shelter cat and a persian and am looking for something stable for them
I've read a lot of bad reviews....wondering if it is worth the money?
How do the "vines" hold up? I have a 6 month old ripper/tugger. He's successfully pulled all feathers and attachments off my existing tree.
How wide and long is the tunnel ?
What are the posts made out of. the last i bought was cardboard with coverings. definitely not suitable for outdoors. is this suitable for outdoors?
How wide is this at it's widest point? The base dimensions are given but it looks as though the platforms go out a ways from the base.
My other tree from this store had a wall anchor piece. Does this one come with it? I have 4 cats so I want stability.
What is the hgt of the bttm rnd platform? i have older cat that cant jump betwn tall spaces...she can jump shorter spaces!
Does the bottom sit flat against the wall or at an angle?
What are the sizes of the two perches for model SF060?
Is the cat tree stable? Does it tip over?
Does this really take 1 - 2 months to ship, as it says on product page?
How high up is the level with the food bowl?
What material are the busy boxes made of?
Where can I get more of the balls for the iq box?
Is there anywhere I can buy replacement posts for this?
Hello is it ok for a large male maine coon ?
what is the height of each of the perches?
Does the mouse toy make a sound when being played with? How good is that rope? Would it be able to hold the weight of an adult cat?
Would it be sturdy enough for a 20-lb cat to have it's way with it?
Can the balls come out of the puzzle box after assembly?
Is it big enough for a20lb cat?
Is the cat tree already put together??
Where was this product manufactured?
How wide is the hole on the third level?
What is the height from the bottom to the tier with the hole in it?
Are the top and bottom halves of the post interchangeable? Tall cats would only use the top half - would get more use if could swap top and bottom.
Resort cat tower.. pros and cons?
When will the camelot cat trees come back? its exactly what i want, and nobody makes anything even close to it. i'm so sad.
How much assembly is required for this scratching post?
Are the 2 pillows detachable and washable in the Scout model?
Help with order
Forte scratching post... Does anyone know the size/thread of the screws??
Is the post (under the rope) a cardboard tube, or a wooden post? Thanks.
Is the color of the sisal wrap white or tan?
Is these cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
Can I order individual pieces to replace one that has been damaged?
How wide at its widest? Not the base.
Can anyone tell me how to put it together, please?
Is this easy to assemble for a person who isn't particularly handy?
Does your cat enjoy the cat tree?
How sturdy is it?
What are the measurements of the perches on this
What are the dimensions of the individual platforms? Are they large enough to support a 20lb maine coon?
How hard is it for a larger cat, @14 pounds to get to the top perch? My 2 Cats are 12 years old
What's the diameter of the top rest?
What is the dimension of the base? Is it different than the overall?
Is there a way to anchor this tree to the wall for stability?
What is the height from the top of the first step to the floor?
My cat loves the top perch but the post is not plumb and I am afraid it will fall over. What can I do?
Has anyone modified it so your cat could reach the top? Just received and my cat cannot maneuver herself to the top.
What is the height to bottom of the tunnel?
I usually place my cat tree in front of window. Is this sturdy enough if not bolted to the wall??
I don’t understand step 16. Any idea what to do with that white strap at the end?
What is the return policy?
Can you send me instructions? They didn't come in the package.
How big is the bed on top?
wish i could buy replacement parts as they wear, is this possible?
What size are the 2 enclosed cat condos?
I have 3 cats and they are 2 our about 6 months old and one is 2 years old they are really big is this ok for them?
My cat is about 13 pounds. Will this tower be okay for him?
How do I order replacement parts for this cat tree?
Would my 16 lb cat be able to fit in the cubbies? How large are the openings?
How long is this?
Does it easy to build together?
Is this suitable for a 10 lb + cat?
What is the height from the floor to the first landing please?
I have teyga clean/ dirty sign and i want to know if this fit. what are the dimension of this cat tree house ?
After looking at the reviews has there been improvements to producing this cat tree ?
Will this work for 12!pound cat
Why does it only come with one black ring for one of the 3 box holes and not for all of them?
Can the bottom platform that sticks out be excluded during installation?
Would three hammock hold a 14 pound cat? Thanks
Where can I get replacement post? The the rope is all shredded?
How high once assembled?
What is the max weight this can handle, my cat is 18 pounds?
Came with no directions for assembly??
Is there a larger version of this? I will keep this one but my cats do not fit inside the bottom. The materials are perfect for scratching.
can this be kept outside?
Is the paper rope messy, like cardboard scratchers?
Could a 12 lb cat (sturdy tomcat, not pudgy) with a cone fit inside the cubbyhole?
My mom bought this and it was delivered without any hardware to put it together. Who/how can I co tact to resolve this? Her cats are really excited:)
Does this item require assembly?
This is the second time ordering this cat tree on amazon and both shipments had parts a and b missing from box. i just need those sent.
Is the bed on top removable to wash?
dimensions of top bed?
Exactly how big is the base?
What about the weight capacity? My cat is pushing 28lbs. lol
Mine didn’t have manual of instruction is tgere somewhere online to look if a you tube video ?
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
Is this tree supposed to come with the cat condo?
Can the cushions be taken out to washed in the machine?
Mine is also missing half of the hardware (parts a-f). i triple checked, including the posts and manual. am i able to get these?
Is the material lining the platforms and stuff durable when cats scratch it? The tree I have now sheds like crazy.
How hard is this to assemble?
Is the bottom of the cat condo supposed to be all wood? When I look at other images it shows a plush side but my order had only a solid wood piece
What is the depth of the base plate alone (not including the ladder)?
What tools are needed to put this together?
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats.
In the questions it mentions drilling into ceiling or wall, but the photos show a pressure type system with no drilling, is drilling a hole required?
I live in an apartment and need to avoid huge holes. How big are the holes created by the wall mountings?
Do you have to afix this item to the ceiling?? I have very very tall ceilings (way higher than the tree) will this tree work for me?
I was thinking of getting this for my basement, but the ceiling is only 6ft. Do you think this will fit?
Is there a way to purchase a replacement wall bracket and mounting sticker? I mistakenly positioned the tree a bit off-kilter.
My ceiling is slanted. Would I still be able to affix it to the ceiling?
The description says the height can be adjusted to 102-106". Does this mean it only fits 9' ceilings? I have an 8' ceiling, so it will not work?
What screws and/or bolts are needed for the top scratching post and the part that is touching the ceiling? I lost them moving.
How big is the round hammock part? is it like the one on the trixie pet product baza cat trees?
Any creative people successfully shortened the height? We need it to be 7-8" shorter
Will this work with a popcorn ceiling?
My ceiling is about 10.5 feet tall, and I was wondering if there is a way to purchase separate pieces to add onto it to make it taller?
Weight capacity of hammock?
Are the hummock and material(carpet? cushion?) inside the box detachable / washable??
Is the hammock detachable?
Can a large 18lb cat fit comfortably?
Can you secure this to the wall?
how tall is it?
Is it possible to purchase replacement columns?
Is this for cats or kittens? What is the cat weight limit for the top resting areas please?
I am missing a double screw. How can I get one?
How long does this actually last?
How thick is the sisal?
Weight capacity of perches?
The 3rd tier of mine is upholstered on the wrong side. The holes line up perfectly when flipped over. Amazon is blocking reviews for it. Help!?
What are the dimensions of the 2 top perches and the condo?
Does the cat tree come with the tools necessary to assemble it?
How big is the top platform?
Is there a way to anchor this to the wall?
Can I buy the ball seperately? My kitten loved the ball and i need to get a replacement for it
Is the faux fur durable enough to withstand the cats scratching and clawing it?
Is it going to work for a larger cat? 12lb
The color appears more purplish to me. Is it just grey or with tint of purple?
How do you even put this cat tree together? Instructions aren't clear.
No instructions and no picture?? could u make it a little easier by at least sending a picture with it crazy?
Is this cat tree made in china like most of the cat trees here? has anyone bought this and replaced its posts with us replarmfs posts?
What is the height of this tree
What is this made out of? Real carpet? Wooden base?
How close to teal is the color of this? the description says dark green but the pictures look very much teal.
My cat is about 7.5-8lbs; will he fit in the condos?
Platform size?
Is the tube holding up top platform is made of wood or cardboard?
Is it possible to purchase replacement parts due to wear and tear? Specifically a post and platform? Trying to avoid replacing the whole structure to
Can the basket/hammock be attaces to the other side? The answer to a similar question was not very clear.
When will the one beige be available?
Can I make 2 smaller trees with this? I don’t want to make it so tall
Does it wobble or shake if two large 16 pounds and 20 pounds cats go bat shit crazy and run and climb if kept in the middle of the room without walls?
The basket that shows the car curled up, can you please tell me what the diameter is?
What is the height of second condo from the top?
How much does this weigh?
I read that the inside of the condos do not have carpet attached. Is this correct and if so why?
Is there a warranty for this product?
Does this come with extra poles in the case that you do not want to attach the scratching post?
Is it easy to fold and put away?
Is this ideal for larger cats?
Can you buy replacement scratching posts
Is there any add-ons? sorry previous question worded wrong
Do you have a video step by step how to put together?
Is the material waterproof?
Would this withstand being outdoors?
Is it hard to put together?
I know they don't sell replacement scratching posts, but has anyone had luck buying one elsewhere? If yes, which one did you buy?
Is this ok to use outside?
mine is missing the assembly instructions. are the instructions anywhere online?
What is the height of the first landing? I have a senior cat that is having more difficulty climbing.
Will this hold a 25+ lb cat on any of its perches?
Does this cat stand have dreaded carpet?
How strong is the pine scent?
Has anyone tried used this outside in a catio?
what are the posts made out of (wood, cardboard, plastic?)
Can this be outside or is it only for indoor use?
Will cat pee soak into the wood?
What's inside the perch that is soft? Is it possible to remove it for cleaning?
What are the base measurement?
I'm moving into a new house. Can the wood be stained before I assemble it to allow it to blend in with other furniture?
Do any of the materials (glues, finishes, etc.) off-gas any vocs? formaldehyde, etc.
Can ferrets use it ?????
What are the dimensions of the bed on top of the post to the right of the castle?
I have 2 adult cats (9 lbs. and 14 lbs.). Is this structure an apropriat size for adult cats, or only for kittens?
Is this good for larger cats or only small cats and kittens???
How tall is the bed part on the sisal post?
How much this castle weight? I need to know for the importations cost. Thank you.
I bought this not realizing it was for small cats. Can my 11 pound cat get stuck in it?
what are the measurements of the round castle top and can you get to the top of the castle from the inside of the bottom part? is the ramp sturdy?
Do they have an equivalent of something cute like this for larger, "fat" cats? My cat is so cute and spoiled this would be perfect for her!
Can a 5 pound full size cat fit in this?
I know it can be used for both, but do kitties usually use this more for play or for sleeping? Don’t want it to be too cozy, my cat sleeps in my bed!
Does this come in a lot of pieces? Would be easy to disassemble and reassemble if moving to a new home?
Is the cat included?
What's the maximum cat size/weight that the hammock will accommodate? Mine is 17 lbs, loves hammocks but can't find one big enough.
Does this come assembled?
How much can it hold? I love my cat, but he weighs around 20lb or a bit more..
Are the replacement toys (the fluffy white ball) available somewhere?
How large is the one with two post and hammock? I have limited space but tired of single post falling over.
What size are the screws? M8 or M10?
Do you sell just the hammock part separately? I bought this 3 months ago and my kitties have made a hole in the bed
What is the weight?
What are the front opening measurements?
What are the dimensions for placement of the hardware?
Is the base actually designed to be put into a corner or can it sit flush against a wall?
Is the base run 30in in both directions against the wall and 45in deep from the corner? Or is it 30in along the wall one way and 45in in another?
Will it hold a 40+ pound cat?
How do you think this would hold up against 2 very large (15 pounds) very active cats?
Is the house solid walls or fabric stretched over skeleton frame?
I have a savannah kitten and am looking for a sturdy tree. I've noticed this one doesn't push against the ceiling will it be sturdy enough?
What are the post made of? I have a tree and the posts are cardboard tubes that eventually tear on the ends.
How much weight can this hold at one time? I have 8 cats each weighing anywhere btwn 10-20#s. Is it sturdy?
Is the material on this carpet, or plush/'fur-like'?
In my apartment we can't have pets, so is the box inconspicuous enough that you can't tell what's inside?
what kind of screws come with the cat tower?
From the ground up to the large 'house', how tall is that?
Is it made up of wood or cadboard?
I have a 9 pound cat and a 15 pound cat. Will this work for them both?
Can the ramp be installed on the other side by the other condo opening?
Is there a weight limit ?
There are no instructions with the cat tree, do they not send any? it would be very helpful to have print instructions.
can the hammock be twisted in?
Will I be able to attach more pieces in the future?
How can I get a set of instructions for this cat tree? We don't have the original any longer. Need to try and re-afix the severely leaning perch.
Instructions to set up
Is this a true dark gray or a bluish gray?
Before I throw it outside, how do you get S1 to bolt into C3 successfully and tightly????????? 😡😡😡
How can I get two replacement parts for it without having to return the whole thing? Thank you!
I am reading description that the cat upper platform is an ample 15.35 x 20.47 in. Why would the review written about it is too small for her 6 mo ?!
Where is this made?
What is the height from the floor to the ledge of condo. I need it to fit at window ledge. Thanks.
I need the height from the floor to the bottom edge of enclosed condo. Thanks.
How well do the scratching posts hold up?
Is this sturdy enough for a kitty who loves to use the scratching posts?
How to you assemble H?
Can the basket be turned in tword the center of the condo? So its not sticking out so far? I have limitied space.
How heavy of a cat will the basket hold?
Can you replace the bottom scratch post?
Is this best for kittens or can adult cat use it?
Is it detachable? Does it come in its box? How tall and heavy is the box?
Can multie cats use this?
In the instructions book, on the next to last page with the assembly letter H. How do you assemble it?
I have two one yo cats (part Maine coon & part domestic medium cat) one weighs 15# & other weighs 10#. will this hold them as they grow?
Is there any way to get a replacement part? One of the "C2" pieces isnt threaded for a screw.
The cat tree came with no directions. Where can I find directions?
Package arrived without hardware or instructions. How do I get the hardware and instructions?
can the lower tier piece be replaced
Is it coated in formaldehyde? We got it and it smells like formaldehyde and has the slimy feeling you get with that coating.
Could i reorder just the screws that come with this particular tower?
There weren’t any instructions with my order. How do I get a copy of the instructions?
How to put mmjo8 together i didn’t get a manual
How do i get a replacement screw for one that is missing?
had this for year now, my cat used it, recently she stopped using it because the lower plush platform became unstable, what's your suggestion to fix?
Is it possible to order replacement scratch posts from the vendor?
Will this work for larger cats, like 14 lbs?
I need a cat tree that is 40" high do you have any
How do you buy replacement parts? I’d like to replace the post on the tallest pedestal.
Can the balls with the bells be removed and replaced with quieter balls? This will be near our bedroom. Plus do you recommend this product?
The posts are not particle board, but rather, are cardboard and were quickly destroyed. Does the company replace the tubes?
I have a 17 pound blue Siamese. I’m not sure if he would fit in on the perches? Help!
Has anyone replaced the poorly made parts with the us-made feline design columns, or did you just purchase another cheap cat tree?
Where are these cat trees made and shipped from?
Where is this tower manufactured?
Does this product have free returns?
Does anyone know the width or dimensions of the bed up top? Thanks!
My cat tree arrived without the hardware that should have been included—can this be sent to me?
Measurements of beds?
Need help assembling?
Cat condo actual Height is?
Does this fit a large cat?
Can you replace the scratch board?
What is the basket's ring made out of?
I know the basket is small & meant for kittens, but will the top fit a grown, 12 lb. cat? (i like the 36" height because that is my window height.)
Can the basket hammock and top tier bed covers be removed for washing?
Instrucciones de montaje no incluidas
Is the color "tan"? Some friends received these and they were blue, but I need "Tan".
Does anyone know if replacement parts are available? The piece that connects my poles have broken :(
What are the dimensions of each of the levels?
Is there a way to make this cat tree more sturdy? It is wobbly when my cat climbs on it.
How do I cut the top down to fit 7 foot ceiling? The top tube that has the spring in it.
Would this work in a room where the ceiling is sloped or slanted? Thanks!
Could this item fit 7ft ceilings?
How tall is the actual post? Without the tension rod part.
My ceiling is 11’ tall. I wonder if there is anyone who bought two of this and assemble them together to get a taller one? Will it be possible/safe?
how high is the top platform?
I would like to know how high off the ground the tallest shelf is?
how big is the high seat?
What is the height differences between perches? I have a great tree but last perch getting too high for 18 year old cat.
Good for large cats? My cat weighs about 15 lbs and is LONG and TALL.
how tall is it?
Would it be possible to put a litter pan in the bottom section? (My dog is gross and eats cat poop).
Where was this product manufactured?
How wide is the hole on the third level?
What is the height from the bottom to the tier with the hole in it?
Are the top and bottom halves of the post interchangeable? Tall cats would only use the top half - would get more use if could swap top and bottom.
Resort cat tower.. pros and cons?
When will the camelot cat trees come back? its exactly what i want, and nobody makes anything even close to it. i'm so sad.
How much assembly is required for this scratching post?
Are the 2 pillows detachable and washable in the Scout model?
Help with order
Forte scratching post... Does anyone know the size/thread of the screws??
Is the post (under the rope) a cardboard tube, or a wooden post? Thanks.
Is the color of the sisal wrap white or tan?
what are the dimensions of the bed on top?
This is a great cat tree but after five years it needs tightening. What size Allen wrench do I need to tighten it?
Can you tell me what the dimensions of the two top posts that the cat would lay on? Thanks
Would this be a good tree for a large cat?
Is this tree study. I have two cats and one loves to climb
Why does the picture shown not match the previous customers submitted photographs?
Is there sisal wrapped around the poles or is it all carpet?
My cat has destroyed the 23" scratching post. Is there replacement parts ? I would hate to have to buy another house because of that one post.
Whats the weight limit ? My cat weights around 20lb
Es desarmable?
Does the top bed have a removable/ washable cushion?
Does board B confuse anyone else? The holes don't match up with the ones on A?
Is it sturdy ? should it be anchored to the wall ?
How does cat get to the top perch? Does she have to jump from the ground? Or can she jump from the top of the middle cube? Big enough for large cat?
I am missing the hole on the top board to hang the dangling ball. Any suggestions ?
I just recieved this cat tower in gray. extremely frustrated as it did not come with instructions! now what?
Does anyone know the dimension of the top perch? Is it larger than 14". The one I have now is 12" and my cat hangs over it..
Is there a way to order a replacement for the top cushion?
Can I buy a pillow for the bed?
Can the ramp be placed on the side instead of the front? (or entirely removed)
Will this stay stable with 3 medium sized cats?
Are the padded beds removable?
How do cats get from the 2nd to the 3rd level if the 3rd level is directly above the 2nd level & the 3rd level sticks out as far as the 2nd??
What are the dimensions of the top perches?
Can I buy replacement scratching posts ?
Can the basket be put anywhere or does it have to go in that specific spot?
What is the return policy for this item?
can the cat houses be anchored in a different place
How much weight can the baskets hold? Can a 16lb kitty sit in it without worry?
how tall is it?
how tall?
Has anyone else had problems with this thing falling over? I've had to take the top tier off because it's so off balance my medium size cat has tipp
How tall is the tree
How do you put this together? There are not instructions, and I'm thinking of just returning this. It is very frustrating.
What are the size of the post?
Do you have to attach the middle shelf? I want to put it behind a chair so the cat could use the chair to get to the top ledge.
Is the box part made of wood
how big is the top platform
is the second landing big enough for food and water bowl? my dog gets into the cat food bowl.
What is the size of the opening to the box?
Does it need to be assembled?
Are the covers washable?
How much to put it together?
Is there a maximum capacity or weight limit for the basket/hammock part?
Where can I find replacement parts? More specifically, the legs with the scratching rope and carpet around them..
What is the size of the scratch board?
Is it big enough for an 18lb cat?
are there different ways to build it because the customer images seem to show different cat trees?
How deep is the cat cubby as I like to call it?
What are dimensions of the box?
How do I attatch the little fuzzy ball on a string to the cat tree?
My cat loves the tree! but she has freyed and messed up the scratching post. my question is can that be replaced? like can we buy replacement parts?
I’ve got a real chonki boy. Is this this sturdy enough for a 20+ lb’er?
What is the diameter of the two circular beds?
Can anyone tell me how high off the ground the top shelf is and how high off the ground the base of the cube is? Thank you
are replacement posts available for this tree?
I need a replacement cat tree, top-platform cover. Is it possible to purchase one anywhere? I guess the answer is still "no"?
can be the box disassembled?
Will the beds fit an adult cat(15 lbs)?
Can you purchase a replacement base piece?
I ordered the multi platform and I cannot get the “house” to attach to the leg through the platform. Do I need to go buy a new bolt or any suggestio?
What are the dimensions of the top perches (multi-platform style)?
What is the meaduremnts
Would anyone recommend this kitty condo for a senior 3 legged cat?
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with?
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between?
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color?
how big are the platforms?
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others?
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks!
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling?
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably?
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat?
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website?
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere .
Is it stable on carpet?
What is the cat’s weight limit for each basket?
I ordered this and I'm missing literally the other m8x80mm screw like come on
where can i find the assembly instructions online?
What is the size of the basket?
Is there a link to the instruction manual? Mine did not come with any instructions
What are the overall dimensions of the condo part only please?
What are the dimensions of the bed on top?
My cat is 10 or around 10 lbs. Would this work for her?
Do you have to attach the basket? Or can you assemble it without the hanging basket?
What are the dimensions of the top bed?
how tall is it?
I am in need of parts for a fish and nap model # us-fish-06mi. can you help?
Is there a place to buy replacement scratching posts for the bottom?
Can you order xlarge hammock beds instead ones on the cat tree now?
Can the bowls be moved? So instead of sticking out they’re more under?
How to do put the tree house together? My order didn’t come with instructions.
What tools do I need to assemble this?
Is there a way to get faster shipping
How big are the bowls
Where is this shipped from?
What is the inches available in the first shelf in floor? I want to put a litter box on it and need to know dimensions.
The color says green.. is the cat tree gray in color as in the picture or..! I’m confused?
Do the bowls hold up over time? My cats are 15 pounds…
These wall mounts all move to the right. Can you switch the two landings so they move to the left? Are they interchangeable so the bridge way opposite
how tall is it?
I know the cactus is 43inches tall. How tall is it to the top perch?
How tall does it stand fully built?
What is the diameter of the circular bed?
Is this cat tower pre assembled?
Is this cat tree pre assembled ?
What size is the top platform?
How tall Is it ?
Is the recommended for small, medium or large cats?
Wat are the dimensions of the top bed?
Does this have to be anchored to a wall for safety purposes if the cats are rambunctious?
Do you have any cat trees with real carpet?
Can i buy replacement fuzzy balls?
Would this be okay for a 10 month old, 9lb kitty? Just wanted a tower that doesn't fall part easily and of course for my kitty to enjoy.
is this made from wood or cardboard?
Are replacement fuzzy balls available? I sent an email with no reply.
What is the country of origin?
Can you buy replacement sisal posts?
What is the total width and length of it?
What are the dimensions of the condo box?
I have multiple 20+lb cats, is this sturdy/big enough for them?
The title says 61.5" but the item description says "16.90 x 16.90 x 40.50 inches" what are the dimensions of this cat tree? hey-bro 61.5" extra large
Is this sturdy enough for an almost 20 lb ginormous orange tabby cat?
Is this good for big cats?
Can I change color to beige
Which? the picture & product linked for smoky gray description indicates beige & the beige picture has grey, which is which mpj020g , mpj020m?
two different sizes listed here in the specs - One says 40" tall, the other 58.3" tall - please help?
What are the posts made out of?
I did not receive instructions with this product? Does someone have them that they can send.
In the picture, it shows the dimensions of the lower condo having about a 21" width. Is the back of the condo flush with the baseboard?
I purchased a cat tree that had carpet directly on the wood. No cushioning at all! I see in a couple places it’s plush. What about the rest?
Is this made in the United States?
I have a high window how far up in inches are each of the two perches?
Is the top tier suitable for a big heavy cat?
What do I need to assemble it... Is the platforms carpeted?
Some reviews claim the opening to the house is too narrow for big cats. Anyone know the diameter ? My cat is 17 lbs , want to be sure he can fit.
Do cats actually use that latter? It looks vertical and difficult to climb.
I have a 17+ lb cat that's a jumper (well he tries to be). and has knocked over other cat trees. How sturdy is this?
How tall is the cat tree?
Is this 62 inch high or 47.5 inches -- listing says both. -- Thanks
I bought one of these in the past and the rope coiling was 1/4" to 3/8"- diameter running up the poles. New ones have twine. How big is the rope now?
Does this come fully assembled?
can it be mounted from the ceiling?
Can this curve around a corner or can it only go straight across?
is there a weight limit for the bridge?
Will i need a drill to install this, and will it hold a 20 lb cat? i'm getting a siberian forest cat.
What is the max weight it will hold?
How much weight will this hold?
How much weight will it hold? I have a heavy cat.
Hi. I have multiple cats and was wondering the weight this bridge holds? Thank you.
I have 3 cats, would it hold all of them?
Is it natural wood color or yellow as pictured?
How do you put this together? There are no insructions!
What is the height of the condo?
How big is the top platform?
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
What is the weight limit?
Is this made from particle board or cardboard?
Does it come assembted ?
Any instructions or assembling guides inside?
How much does this weigh?
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with?
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between?
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color?
how big are the platforms?
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others?
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks!
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling?
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably?
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat?
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website?
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere .
Is it stable on carpet?
do you have the Armarkat A7202?
My cat is a fatty (17lbs). He also thinks he is a gymnast (launches himself off of...everything). Will fattycat gymnastics be an issue?
Can someone who owns the tree could confirm that if it is really 50-inch wide (including the space that the ramp takes)? Or is it less than that? TY!
Did any of your cats actually used the ladder?
How durable is this product?
what are the posts made of?
Are Go Pet Club cat tree condos and products American made?
Is there any way to purchase a single platform from the company (the top-most one broke off the 2nd day my cats used it)?
What is the diameter of the cats beds?
Is this good for a fairly large cat?
is it good for big cats
Hi. I'd like to know the exact shipping weight of this product as I have a 20lb weight limitation on my orders.
how easy is it to assemble?
in many parts come apart? could fit in a suitcase?
Would this be best placed in a corner..due to the instabilty everyone is saying? Cause I have the perfect corner for it.
I have a 12 pound cat. Is this product good for a cat of his weight.
what is the size of each of the 3 platforms?
Where can I get parts? My cat tipped it over so many times the top board broke off. I need the plastic pieces,prolly several since the plastic will b
What tools are required to assemble this?
What are the dimensions?
Would this be sturdy enough to put in a room that has thick carpet?
How is this tree for extra "fluffy" cats?
How tall is this, You say it’s 37 an eighth and then you say it’s 47.5 which is it?
Would anyone have a video of how to assemble this?
Can I purchase replacement pieces? My older cat is too big for the perches and I’d like to replace one with a wider perch.
What is the weight a cat can be to use this?
Does it come in 40 inch height
Does it come with instructions?
Where is this cat tree made?
Does the superjare cat tree arrive fully assembled?
Can replacement scratching posts be purchased separately?
Is this item suitable for large cats (16-18 lbs)?
Is the base sturdy? My cat is about 18lbs full grown
Can this support a larger cat?
I need a cat condo that is pre assembled. Anyone?
cardboard free?
The size of this condo?
I need instructions on what bolts go where. i didn’t receive any type of instructions. how can i get a copy so i can assemble correctly?
We are wanting to get a maine coon cat, will this size tree work for this large a breed?
Do you think it's necessary to attach this to a wall? My cat weighs less that 7 pounds.
Is the hammock optional?
Can I leave off the cat scratch thing, i.e., not attach it?
Is it good for huge cats
I like the unique design and i think it's fit to my teyga magnet clean/dirty. what is the size of the cat tree house?
Are any parts of a machine washable?
Are you able to purchase a replacement basket?
Can I buy a cat tree that’s already put together
If the hammock is optional, does that mean that you simply don't attach it when you're assembling the tree?
What are the dimensions of the condo? I have a long adult cat. Thank you!
Hello! Small brackets (L part) were missing in my order. Can you send them to me?
What are the measurements of the perches inside measurements ?
My cat is about 17lbs. Is this too small for him or would he be able to fit on those platforms?
Is this made well? Also is it sturdy and not wobbly?
has anyone know what to use to make it so it'snot so wobbly?
can we ignore a part while assembling to make it shorter? or we have to keep whole?
Has anyone's cat ever used the ladder? Mine really isn't much of a jumper, and she may actually need to use it.
hOW WIDE IS IT? How longdoes it tae assemly?
will a very active 8 weeks kitten enjoy This? (please try to answer From a very active 8 week kittens point of veiw)
How many scratch posts does this piece have?
where can we order new scratching posts?
Do you sell just the scratching posts? My cats love this cat tree but the posts are tore up
will this be enough room for two ragdolls?
does this thing stink like chinese solvent or glue
outdoor use too?
Does this arrive assembled?
How much weight can the hammock hold? I have a fat cat
Viene desarmado ?
IVERA on April 16, 2021Question:Replacement balls?
Where do I buy replacement balls?
Is this for kittens or cats? My cat is 10lbs 7 oz. Will he be able to fit in everything? Does this have to be anchored to the wall?
I have teyga clean/ dirty sign and i want to know if this fit. what are the dimension of this cat tree house ?
Is the ideal for fat cats?
Is this cat activity trees stable at the bottom?
What is the height of the condo?
Would this be sturdy enough for a 16lb cat?
Does the product come disassembled?
Is good for large cats ?
Can you provide me with the dimensions of the box and weight for the shipment of the package？
Any instructions or assembling guides inside?
Is this too big for one cat?
Is the product formaldehyde free?
Are your cats scratching on the sisal poles?
Do cats have a hard time jumping between the levels? It doesn't look like there is a lot of room to jump/land...
How high off the floor is the second highest perch?
Will the caves fit a 20 lb. cat?
Rec 56.3" fendrea, 2 small. need maine coon size. handicapped had set up box gone what do i do?
is this cat stand for large cats?
Does this work for fat cats?
Are these posts over 3 inches like the other Feandra trees??
Would this cat tree be suitable for a large senior cat with arthritis?
What are the dimensions of the tallest perch?
Are the baskets movable? Can they be turned more toward the front? I only have a small space to work with.
What is the number for customer service number? I have one piece that does not work.
Will the hammocks hold a 20 lb cat?
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens.
Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ?
Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats?
Can it be used outside ?
Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds?
How many pieces are there to assemble? Is any of it partially assembled?
What is the size of the cubby -right in the middle?
How tall is each of the two platforms on the small cat tree?
I have a energetic three month old Bengal and two grown cats that each weigh 20 pounds. Will this be safe for them?
Do I have to put this together?
What are the dimensions of each of the platforms, please?
how many inches from the floor to the enclosed area?
Does anyone know the base dimensions?
Is this made from particleboard or wood ?
Is the hiding cubby so supposed to be securely attached? My j screw wouldn’t tighten.
My cat is about 15 lbs & very long. Can anyone recommend this cat tree for bigger cats?
Any suggestions for covering some of the holes? I would like holes only on one side.
Is this price for just one of the hexagons?
How many come for this price?
Can they be stained? I would really like a dark brown to go with our trim, etc.
What is the cat weight limit?
Anyone have 20 pound cat on this?
There is no support for the baskets. Will a large cat "bend" it down?
Could the seller please provide dimensions for the baskets and condos on this?
Does this cat tree "shed?" the one i have now sheds fibers everywhere when played on.
Why has my item delivery date changed. It was to be delivered 5-23-20 !!!!!
Does the mmj05b come in the light gray color?
The first level is the hammock, how high is the second level? my cat is super uncoordinated and i wanna make sure he will be able to make it up.
Where can i purchase the mmj05g? i’ve searched here on amazon and online and can’t seem to find it. i’m hoping that amazon will be getting it soon.
Can I order replacement parts?
Mine arrived and there are no instructions included. Does anyone have a copy they can share with me?
Are the bed cushions removeable?
Is this work for more than 10lbs cat?
is it already assembled?
what are the dimensions of the sleeping bowl/hammock?
What is the wait limit on the basket? my boy is a chunky 24lbs
Will the caves fit a 20 lb. Cat?
can the condo be moved over on the other side of the platform?
Can Decide not to attach the ball and the Rope?
Does this have a chemical odor even up close?
Is there anywhere to order a replacement post (not the rope, but the post itself)?
How sturdy does the side basket seem? I have 10# and 14# cat
Am I able to rotate the sleeping bowl so that it comes out of the front of the cat tree rather than the side?
Does the material shed? Or does. eventually shed - like individual or clumps of the soft material?
Do you have to attach the basket
How difficult is this to clean/vaccum?
What are the dimensions of each hole please? One of my cats is a fatty lol
Is this for kittens or adult cats?
How tall is the cat tree?
How can I purchase just the top part of this?My cat tore out stuffing and want new one..
How tall is the first step off the floor?
What would be the ideal weight for the cat using this product?
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
The color says beige but it looks like a cream color. Is the picture the actual color?
Can another support beam be provided for the house portion? the front collapses if another cat is on top
When will you have the longer (17.72”) M10 posts in stock?
Is the thread on these posts 8mm?
Is the sisal rope color beige?
Does this come with an extra M10 screw as well as the extension?
The thread coming out of our post appears to be 8mm. An 8mm gauge fits the bolt and thread perfectly. Is this what I should order?
How many poles are included?
How do you find out whether you need an M10 or M8 pole?
Does this come with any screws embedded in the pole ends?
This is good for big cats? Maine coons?
Does the cubby cube come assembled? I’d like to put the opening on the “back” side so that I can flip the tower & have cubby on right instead of left
People who have had this while, how does it hold up?
Was this product made/manufactured in America?
Where it connects to the ceiling spring loaded?
does this require drilling hole on the ceiling when I install it? thank you.
What is the diameter of the post?
Hi, what are the posts made from? cardboard? pvc? thanks to clarify.
How much cat weight does it hold?
Could a 25 pound cat fit in the bottom cubby?
I have an older cat that has mobility issues. Would this cat tree be easy for him to get down from the top without jumping straight to the floor?
Cat included?
Is it possible to get a replacement basket? The kitty loves it and it broke heis very sad.
Can the basket be left off while assembling?
What is the weight limit? Our cat is 20 lbs 🤦🏼‍♀️.
is there a hole from the bottom cubby to get into the top cubby or are the separate/blocked off?
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
Can someone post a video on how to put this together?
I have very limited space where i want to put this. Can someone let me know how wide this is at the widest point? (Not including the hammock)
Is the top cushion removable for cleaning?
Can this be assembled without the hammock piece?
How do I re-attach the ball to the bell? My cat somehow pulled it off and I cannot figure it out.
Does the company offer replacement parts for the scratching surfaces? Thanks.
Where can I purchase the hardware?
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have multiple cats.
Do you have to build it
Can this be used at a window with a heater in front of it?
my cat is 12lbs do you think this would be ok ?
Will my 8.5lb and 16lb cat be able to fit inside the hole? Is this a good tree for cats that size? They are just normal house cats.
Do your cats (for the most part) like to scratch on the posts of this tree? We hope the cats will prefer this to scratching on our furniture!
I rescued a kitty who is declawed, will he be able to use this product just by jumping?
Is it possible to assemble it so the highest platform is on the left, instead of on the right as pictured?
Is this treated with cat nip?
What are the measurements of the top 2 piers?
What is the diameter of the hole in the house?
The dimensions say the base size is 16" x 16" but it also says the overall dimensions are 19" x 19". Any way to assemble it to keep overall size at 16
The second image indicates this product is 68" tall, but the product description says 51". Which is correct?
You can send this product to Brazil, POSTAL CODE 12305-810?
Is it made with carpet or fur like covering?
My set came without hardware and instructions. Is there any way to get them sent to me?
What is the final hight?
Did the materials smell of any chemicals upon arrival?
Can I order additional platform pieces? Also, are there any baskets available that are compatible with this product?
Does the design account for the thickness of the baseboard, to allow the shelves (and anchor points) to be flush against the wall and level?
Is the sisel post made of cardboard underneath the rope?
Will my 18 lb Maine coon have trouble fitting through the holes? He's healthy and not over weight, just huge.
Can this stands on its own without screwing it in to the wall?
What's the weight capacity? I've looked at similar products, but limit was 15 pounds (my cat is 15 1/2).
Does this have to screw into studs?
acn I make the first level 30 inches high?
Will a cat that is declawed in the front have trouble getting up to the top perch?
I purchased the cat tower and would like to purchase two additional post. The link provided in a previous inquiry is for the tower, where are post?
how tall is the cat tree floor-to-top when assembled? description says 25" but looking at the features I doubt they could fit all that into 25" high
what is the exact size of the platforms?
How stable is the mid-level platform and how big of a cat can it fit?
Does this come preassembled or does it require assembly?
What are the measurements of the pirches for the condo?
Can someone give the deminsions of the upper platform? TY
Are posts wood or cardboard?
Where do i buy replacement posts?
Can someone tell me how tall this is?
How tall is the ‘step ladder’ condo? There is a major discrepancy btwn image showing the measurements(58”) and description in 2 locations 70.8”?
very important to know exact height.Conflicting info.Is it 63in. or 70in?
Product not delivered
How big is the house (enclosure)? I have a rather "well fed" (large fat) cat. The one he currently has is 19" x 12" x 12".
how tall is this unit?
Is this sturdy and not wobbling? The multiplatform style.
What are the measurements height and width in inches
Am I able to buy an additional part k?
Whats the white strap hanging from the top for did i miss something
Could someone please show me how to attach the pom-pom?
What are the length, width, and height of the cubby? Can an 18 lb cat fit in the cubby?
I like the design for my cats & i think my teyga clean/ dirty sign is compatible. what is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
Is the sisal pole sturdy enough for a 22 lb cat to climb? Would this tower be able for my senior fat cat to climb to the top perch easily?
Is the floor of top lounger solid? Also, is this cat activity tree stable?
Do you have instructions or pictures? How to put it together?
My cat os 26lbs..could he safely use this without it tipping over,, and eould the condos be large enough for him to fit?
Is this good for a room with slanted walls and a ~10 month old kitten?
Can the round scratching post be replaced?
What about the weight capacity of the cat tree? Is this big enough for large cats?
Will this fit a 10 pound cat? or was this intended for a kitten?
On a hardwood floor, will it tip over if my cat runs and jumps up onto the bed?
My cat is large, probably 15 lbs. Will she fit on tge top?
How big is the bed on top?
What are the dimensions in inches for the highest platform?
What does it weigh ?
Will this support a 13lb cat?
What are the scratching posts made of? I bought one that was cheaply made and regretted it. I know it is covered in sisal rope, but what is underneath
what is the product structure made of? Ex:Wood, fiberboard, pressed wood?
over all size of this product
Do you sell the top portion seperately? We already have this but my cat likes it so much she's scratched off the rope stuff around the top part.
How tall is it from the bottom, to the first platform, and from that platform to the top?
What are the dimensions for the top perch?
1) What is the height of the first platform (the one directly above the condo) from floor level?; 2) What are the dimensions of the condo?
weight restictions? My cat is 15 pounds.
How big are the houses
How big are the perches
How sturdy is it? my kitties are quite chunky and rambunctious.
how tall is it in inches, please?
I have a medium sized 16 year old cat. How tall is the bottom box off the ground? Will my elderly kitty be able to get in the tower easily?
How big is the base
Where is this made?
I just received mine and when I was putting it together I noticed that the fabric on the smaller house is ripped. Is there anyway to get it replaced?
What are the measurements of the base?
Can you please tell me how many inches the top 3 perches are?
Can I get this made in beige?
Are the perches large enough for a 16 lb Maine coon cat?
mine was missing screws where can i find more my local stores dont have the ones i need ?
Is this tree good for 1 30lbs cat?
Also, why are so many people missing screws or boxes? that concerns me. I have several saved, but I want good quality & prefer to not be missing parts
Bewishome cat tree smokey gray- is this color closer to charcoal or light gray or blue. ? hard to tell in pics.
Are there instructions? My box is missing the tool and instructions
Is sisal natural (not chemically treated)?
are boxes actual boxes? or just material wrapped around it to look like a box? Saw a review saying it was just material. I want an actual box.
How is this washed
Is the loop adjustable? How can I tell if it will fit my cat tree's post?
Would it be possible to attach this to the wall (not on a post, just screwed into the wall)?
How does it attach? With a string like toeing a shoelace or with Velcro or what?
How is this installed?
How is it attached? Is it universal?
Do they make these for large cats?
What color is it? The description says white but the photos show beige andI know it used to be sold in a grey option too...
does it come with the mountable post seen in the product image
Does anyone know if they make large hammock for cats up to 20 lbs
Our cat is 16 lbs, will it be sturdy enough for him? And will he fit through the holes?
what material is the fabric made out of?
What is the maximum cat weight can this take?
Can additional fabric be purchased?
Can declawed cats use this system? (Cat is a rescue who lives to climb)
My studs are 24 inches apart. But I really love this! Is there any way this can be modified/assembled to fit my walls??
What size is the platform with the hole? Worried about all my cats getting in there and falling off playing. What are the dimensions of that platform?
What is the maximum weight are these able to hold? I have pretty large cats.
this beats a traditional cat tree anyday. can an apt dweller with dry wall use this?
I have cement walls can I mount this with tapcons?
Can this be made for 22in between studs?
Will this work for a 16 lb Maine Coon?
How stable is the light gray/gray tower?
What is this product made of? Carpet?
How tall is the tower when the "top platform with removable bed" is removed? What is the material on top of the tower without the bed?
Is this 2 sided? One picture shows inside, but maybe that’s just for you to see inside?
The picture shows a middle passthrough between the lower and middle compartments. Is there a passthrough between the top an middle compartments?
We purchased this and it arrived today - but the screw provided doesn't actually screw into the top so it won't stay on? :(
Does this come in one piece or is assembly required?
Can you swivel / move each tier of this tower? Thanks!
to Trixie: I want to buy just the removable top pad for the 15.75 x 15.75 x 29 inches model. How can I do that?
How does one assemble this? What hardware is required?
On the gray one, does the sisal go all the way around, except for where the holes for the beds are? Or is the sisal just a small strip on one side?
How do I buy replacement parts ? My cats loves the scratching post and they need to be replaced
My box was missing one of the "A" screws. Any ideas how I can get one more?
Would this be good for a 9 pound and a 15 pound cat?
How can I get a screw? One was missing from my box.
Do the cubbies come pre-assembled?
What's the box size that it arrives in?
Can I return this?
do anyone's kitties ever actually use the ladder?
Dimensions for cube opening?
Can I purchase a replacement scratching post?
Is there a way to know if the MDF is formaldehyde-free?
what are the dimensions for the top?
What are the dimensions of the base (bottom)?
Can’t find replacement post for this product. Has anyone else?
Can anyone recommend where I can find a replacement for the sisal pole? Or what the model number of the replacement part is?
Can I purchase a Replacement Matt for the top and the bottom sections?
Does this stool come with the 2 mats that are shown in the photo?
My cat is 15 lbs, would she fit in this?
How tall is the entire structure?
I need to know exactly which replacement pads i need to get. i have this item and need new plush pads. which ones do i need to purchase?
Are the posts made of sisal rope?
How high is the lowest platform from the ground? I have an older cat that can't jump very high. My younger cats would love the higher ones!
I have a very large cat whose 15lbs+ does anyone know how large the platforms are?
Can the condo box and/or tube be left off (not installed) without leaving any uncovered (bare) spots on the platforms?
What kind of tool do you use to tighten the screws that hold the posts on. It looks like a allen wrench but it convex.
What is the size of the package it is shipped in?
i i put this tree on a carpet, will it be stable enough? I see all the pictures where cat tree stands on a hard floor or tile floor.
Does anyone know the dimensions between each tier?
My cat likes to scratch carpet and carpet-like material... a lot. Would this fabric hold up?
is the little rope thing on the second highest level removable?
Is there catnip on it?
What are the heights of the various platforms from the floor? We need a taller cat tree than the one we have so the dog will leave the cat food alone
I have a 12lb and still growing maincoon kitten, so need to know how much weight can this withstand?
How do I get a replacement screw for one that is missing?
Will this cat tower be hard to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
What is the diameter of the posts?
Hi! How tall is the ramp portion?
does this require any tools to assemble?
Can I buy replacement legs for the bottom of the unicorn without purchasing a whole new unit?
Does anyone have pics?
The product is great but it came with a "gift" QR code that doesn't work?
How do I get a bolt for the head - only 4 bolts were provided and it’s needs 5 (like instructions show)?
What are the dimensions???
Is this the same unicorn cat tree that sells on here for 10$ cheaper?
When will my items be shipped
what is the diameter of the "body" of the zebra? thanks
Are there replacement parts available? My cat has already ripped the ball off the end of the giraffe's tail
Dimensions of the unicorn?
How wide is the tunnel?
Can it be assembled differently or it can only be assembled like the picture?
How can I find replacement balls for this one??? In Beige.
Will this fit a Bombay cat 2 1/2 ft long??
How do i find the video that shows how to put this cat tree together?
Very cute design and it's better with teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what is the size of this cat tree house ?
Is it big enough for a 17 pound cat?
What size is the top platform
Can I order a replacement on just the hammock?
Is this chemical free? Does it have an odor at all?
Is there replacement padding for the perches available?
How can the seller be "not sure" where this is manufactured? That's very dishonest. Please provide info, customers deserve to know the truth.
How much does this cat tree weigh?
what are the size of the screws?
The seller says they're "not sure" where this is manufactured? they lie. as seller & shipper, shouldn't sweet paws know its from china?
My cats are almost 20 pounds. Is this going to be wide enough?
where can I get an online assembly manual?
The listing says “free shipping” but nothing about “free returns”. If it needed to be returned, am I to assume the buyer would need to pay for it?
Where is this made?
Anyone else have trouble putting this together ? everything is like crooked and i’m getting very annoyed . starting with a&b . who engineered this?!?
How tall is the cat perch?
Does this come with paper instructions?
How long does it take to assemble? Is assembly simple or difficult?
The description states soild wood, is it true?
How does this smell? Is there chemical smell?
How is the rope secured to the wood?
Can the wood be stained a darker color, or is it sealed where that wouldn't work?
Does this have to screw into studs?
What is the strong smell coming from the ropes? I see you say oil and chemical free I thought it might have been just the smell from the wood but it's
How large are the holes? One of my cats is a little portly and I want to make sure they’d fit through.
What are the measurements of platform?
Can you stack 2 of these on top of each other to gain more height? (Looking for a vaulted ceiling solution with more height as our cat loves to climb)
Are you able to order this without the cat face cut out on 2 of the shelves? I am looking for 4 solid shelves.
Could this cat tower be used outdoors?
What are the dimensions of the medium and large?
What is the size of the large one?
Toxic wood?
Would it fit a big cat
what is the height of the scratch pad?
Would you recommend this for cats with a little extra "love" (larger cats)?
Does this really work ?
What are the measurements for the bed and also for the cradle on the “Platform” style cat tree?
What are the inside measurements of the top oval perch for the amazonbasics cat tree with platform...?
When the platform will be available again?
How tall is this cat scratcher?
Where can I get replacement scratching posts for these? I need the dimensions of the actual posts holding up the platform for the 21.46" platform
How tall is the medium size from floor to top?
How tall is this? The answers seem to vary by a few feet.
Does this ship from China? I ordered and tracking has been super wonky
I need decent instructions. Does anyone have written ones??
Is this purple?
The bottom post was being clawed at by my cats and ended up breaking the support for the top half of the tower. Are there replacement pieces?
What’s the weight limit on thing? it says for large cats but i’m not sure a flame point siamese or maine coon won’t tip this over
Anyone have directions? Mine came with no directons!
How much taller is the top platform from the hammock?
Regardng the $42.99 grey with 1 basket: Does your adult cat have difficulty getting from the second level to the top perch?
My tower didn’t come with any screws how can i get some sent to me
I just received this and it came broken. How can i get a replacement scratch post and screws?
Is there a video on how to our this together.? The directions are awful and hard to follow
What is the country of origin. Is the wood treated with anything?
Is the lining of the house removable?
69 or 54” height?? It says differently in the heading versus the description, unless they recently updated/changed the cat tree?
How much weight and abuse will the Hammock the? I have several large cat 15-22lbs and they are not graceful!
What are the dimensions of the small platform next to the house?
Is the smell of the pine wood strong?
Is the hammock removable for washing?
what is the dimention of the purches? Thank you.
Is it easy for a cat to reach all platforms? A review said her cat couldn’t get up high that it’s not made ride. Please advise.
I see upper condo is 15.7 x 11.8 inches. What is the lower condo size?
Are you happy you chose this tree. Does your cats use all the levels. Is it sturdy.
Are the perch removable for cleaning?
What is weight limit for perches?
Is this good for fat cats? Like 20 lbs?
Is there 2 openings on each condo
Can you remove the perch fabric and wash?
What’s the width around 40-48 inches from the ground? I only have one place to put this and I have a shelf there that would make it a tight fit.
Are replacement posts available to replace the worn-out ones? I'm having a hard time locating a cat tower that offers replacement parts.
What are the dimensions of the bottom platform insode the support pillars? Could a small litterbox fot there?
Is it solid wood?
Is the fabric washable?
Where can I get a copy of the instructions? Mine did not come with any.
Is this wood or cardboard posts?
I have 2 cats a 16 pound and 19 pound would this be ok forthem?
How tall is the highest part of the tree?
Are there replacement scratching posts?
Would this tip over easily with a 22lb cat?
Is the cushion in the bed removable? If not, is it easy to clean?
Can the poles be rewrapped with sisal and hot glue or something over the fabric?
How far from the unit does the ramp stick out?
Is the condo a solid piece of cardboard or that pull over thin carpet?
Where does this ship from?
When will this restock?
Are these simple to mount on whatever wall?
How much weight can these hold? I have some pretty beefy kitties, one is 17 pounds. With proper mounting will these hold my fat cats?
Is this just for the one shelf or a set of shelves?
Canvas arrived without wood brackets… are they usually shipped separately?
How wide is the fabric? Like from the wall?
Do these need to be attached to a stud? Or can they go anywhere on the wall? Thanks!
Where can i get the screws and hardware?
I am just needing something for my adult cats to use for an additional scratching post. Does the scratch post hold up?
Trying to figure out your dimentions. Is the triangle 18"x18"x26" and the height of the 'condo' 9" and the scratching pole 27"?
Are there holes on all three sides of the triangle?
Is this just for kittens?
Does the black carpet come off and go everywhere? :)
Did anyone get scratches on the wall? I want to put it between the wall and a bedside table, but I'm worried about scratches on the rental walls
does the back open as tunnel affect?
I have a large 20 pound cat, would he be able to curl up and sleep inside this?
can I purchase the scratching post separately?
What is the country of origin ?
Trying to determine the size/diameter of the largest hole. I have adult cats but they are on the smaller side (under 10 lbs).
How do you install the toy at the top of the scratching post? The toy's flat end doesn't mate with the post's round hole.
how tall is the tree?
I ordered a cat tree a month ago, where is it? Not a hsppy first time customer.
Is this pre made or we should install it?
how tall is it and cat weight limit?
How much food does the bowl hold?
Made in USA?
What size cat is this for?
Can the basket be moved to a higher spot?
My parents purchased this cat tree but have lost the assembly instructions. Can I get a copy somewhere?
What are the dimensions of the top bed?
Can the little box/house be assembled without the white cat-head plastic opening? Like could I assemble this whole thing and leave the house open?
Can you replace the sisal rope scratch post when they get worn
Can the orientation be reversed so that the top perch is on the left?
Does this come with 3 boxes?
I'm ordering this as a surprise gift - does the box it's shipped in show any hint to the cat tree inside the box?
How do you contact the seller?
If this is outside will rain and water ruin wood?
Can I change the top spot to a bed? Is it possible to buy a bed (cushion around) and replace the top pad?
what are the measurements of the little house? Need to know if my adult cats will fit.
Without the traditional carpeting on this tree, is it hard for cats to climb?
Is the cat pole weatherproof?
What is the height between the tallest platform and 2nd-tallest platform? I'm trying to determine if cat's auto feeder would fit or if its too tall.
Is this good for large cats
Can I leave the condo off?
Does the fabric cover both the top and bottom of the middle platform piece? I want to flip it to have the pillar on the right side, not the left.
Does anyone know the size of the top platforms?
Is there any way to by replacement parts?
How tall is this in feet?
That looks so small for big cat
Is assembly easy?
Hammock was missing can i get a replacement without having to dissambled?
can this set be mounted linearly on a longer run over space or must it be mounte dthe way it is shown?
What happens after the scratching posts fray away?
Are the holes big enough for Maine Coons at full size?
Is this set from the latest generation of products (3rd generation)?
faction guarantee: If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. You can also ask for help in this list in the "Customer Questions and Answers" section below.
Is there a round opening on both sides? My cats love that feature
Is this cat tower easy to clean?
Is this cat tower easy to ckean?
Do you have Condos for big cats?
Is there a weight limit? My Calico weighs 22lbs
Is it easy for older cats to jump onto hammock and further up from there?
What's the weight limit?
How sturdy is the fabric if your cats scratch at it?
My Cat is about 11lb and wondering is this would be too small for her. Many reviews have different comments. Any opinions? thanks
is it good for big cats?
is this supposed to be sturdy? I put it together and it wobbles a bit. I have to put it up against the wall so it's solid when my 3 month kitten jumps
Can I order replacement parts?
My cat only has 3 legs. She doesn't have any trouble getting around, but I'm wondering if she can get into the cubby hole. Anyone have any idea?
Does anyone know if you can order new posts for this??
its weight ? thank you
Is this good for scratching or is one covered in carpet better than the faux fur?
How hard is it to put together?
What is the diameter of the top part?
I don't see any brackets. How does it mount to the wall?
Does this come with everything in the picture (apart from the plants)?
How big of a cat will this structure hold? One of my cats weight 21 pounds.
Does the chestnut/natural set in nclude everything in the picture including the planters??
Can these shelves be installed onto concrete walls?
Will this hold up well outside? I want to install it in a central courtyard.
My apartment has a modern minimalist construction, mainly white/grey/black. would onyx/charcoal match? any pictures? thanks
Will this mount securely to metal studs and or drywall only?
2 of the wall planks does not come apart to insert the fabric. The anchor female screw just spins when i tried to take off the male screw. Fix?
For $621, are you also shipped magic wish-granting cats?!?
My cat weights 24 lb, will this hold him? He jumps from the floor to his 6 foot tower and the force has cause him to break 2 cat towers so far.
can you buy the pieces seperately?
How many cats can this cat tower hold? I have three kittens.
Does it come with all the tools necessory to assemble it ?
Is this cat tree stable at the bottom? It looks quite high.
Will this cat tree for large cats be difficult to put together? I'm not good at handwork.
Can the perches and condos hold large full grown cats?
Can it be used outside ?
Will this be able to hold my 2 very chonky girls? One is 16 pounds and the other one is 14 pounds?
Has anyone tried with larger cat? My big boy is 27lbs... ?
How small is this product when taken apart? Could it fit in a suitcase?
Is it possible to put a litter box in the bottom shelf?
Is the bottom cube sturdy enough for a 10 lbs cat to sit on top of it (not in it)?
Do you think cutting a hole at the top would ruin the structural integrity?
Does it come with brackets?
Am I able to hang this on the side of a 44” high playpen by pulling the straps tighter?
How does this fold relative to it's position on the door? Do the 2 compartments fold vertically up?
How do cats get to the top cube? I don't see anything for them to climb on
How wide are the top and bottom hooks? The door I would hang it on is a bit thick, so I worry the hooks will be too narrow.
Can the cats take naps on it?
what is the maximum length of the straps? my doors are 92 inches tall. if too tall, is it possible to get strap extenders?
I did not receive any screws, instructions or tools. Isn't that supposed to be included?
Would this be able to withstand a very tubby tabby, or could he just knock it over?
My cat is missing claws on her front paws. Would she be able to scoop out treat?
What size are the holes? I find that slow feeders are often too small for my polydactyl cat to get his oversized paws in.
Could it withstand a very tubby cat lying across it for a nap? I have steangw cats.
I know this is made for a cat but is their any bunny people here who thinks this would work for holding their hay??
I have a cat with short arms, munchkin. Can he use this?
Has anyone tried this with a large Maine Coon? He's 23 pounds and likes to knock things over (including the bin with his kibble!)
How can i encourage a overweight bored-eater to use this? he was previously dumped and is now very nervous if his bowl is ever empty but ignores this
Is the green section all one unit; or does each layer lock together?
My cats are not adapting to using it, is it best to just put the food in and let them work it out? I've tried showing them how to get the treats out?
Can this help a cat lose weight? My cat is overweight and I know she needs to lose weight. I don't free feed but she doesn't excercise.
How do you make it easier for your cat? I read somewhere that it has 3 difficulty levels but I dont know how to change it.
Are the perches good size for an older, larger cat, or is this more for kittens?
Can this be used on a vaulted ceiling?
What is the interior of the pole made out of? What is the weight limit for cats on it?
What are the dimensions?
What is the diameter of the posts?
Is this pre assembled?
How far is the lowest platform from the floor?
Is there catnip in this?
Can any one tell me if i can or where i can get another rope. The rope on my cat tree is no longer alive
Could anyone tell me how to stick part d into part b? There isn’t a hole on part b so I can’t combine these two part together
How long does delivery take since product is made in China?
Could the cradle go ip top...basically switch top bed and bottom cradle around??? TY!
how to clean this ?
Where is it manufactured?
Please what are the heights of the top two viewing areas so I know if more than one cat can look out the window?
How big are the condos?
Can anyone tell me if they own more than one of these and how long they have had them/ it?
Can the hammock be switched to another pole?
Is there a way to make this more sturdy?
Where is this made?
What is the measurement of the base?
What is the diameter of the tunnel?
Is there a video on step by step to this particular one??
I need a video to it together please. Im half way done
can you tell me the measurements of the top perch?? thanks
Can the mid platforms be left out when putting it together? I need a post for my iguana, not cats, and she won’t need the middle platforms.
Hello my order didn’t contain a free gift can I get one sent ?
Is the tunnel removable?
is this 28 or 29 inches at the highest point? Both are given. Thanks.
What is the weight limit for the steps? My cat is 14 lbs so I want to make sure they will be sturdy enough for him.
Is it possible to hang on bended wall?
Would this be able to be placed outside?
Do I need a studfinder?
How long is the bridge itself (not counting the shelves?)
Is this thing really 4ft long?
Is this product suitable for pets? Is the quality good?
Did come with directions, where can i get them?
What materials is this made from?
Mine didn’t come with installation instructions. Where can I get them at?
Does this product come with a warranty?
My cat tipped it over the first day of use. Is there any way to secure it so this can’t happen again?
what's the height of the condo?
How long for payment to process
It's woobaly and unstable is there a way to secure it?
How big of a cat will this handle?
Is there any way to replace the ball attachment? Or recommendation to fix/reattach it?
What are the dimensions of the square opening?
How many feet tall is this cat tree?
Will this be good for a lazy full grown cat?
Where can I buy replacement parts? Parts like the scratch post?
What is the height of the condo?
Any instructions or assembling guides inside?
Are you just supposed to tie the ramp on or what?
What is the weight limit? I have big adult cats
Are you able to provide a replacement part (the little wheel)? It arrived broken...
is this made in china?
We are missing two parts (l & m). we just opened our product and discovered the missing parts. we love the product, but just need the missing parts.
I received my order today and the ship wheel has 2 handles cracked and one completely broken. How can I get a replacement?
Is the color blue or purple? The pictures look purple on my screen but I'm seeing a lot of references to blue/navy/indigo.
Received this and its missing the screws any way to get them sent out?
Does it come assembted ?
Is this more like carpet or felt
Does anyone know the dimensions of the hole? Personality differences aside, do full sized, medium-large cats fit in it and utilize it frequently?
Can someone please tell me how to get the hammock to stay on the top?
My cat is 12 lbs, and 17 " long, will she be able to fit in the cubby hole and curl up in it?
What are the dimensions?
Assembly directions
Is there a padded cushion in the bottom of the cubbie that is removable for cleaning?
What are the dimensions of the hammock on the baza grande senior? I have a very chibby cat (about 22#) and want to make sure its large enough for him.
Does anyone know why there is paper inside of the tube? Has anybody tried to get it out? I'm torn between just sending it back and cutting out the pap
Does this look as zen as i want it to be? is it sturdy. i love that every way has a way out. i have two cats and thats a necessity.
Is the basket 18 inches or 12 inches ?
How do you get the top to stay on?
Are replacement scratching posts available for this product?
What assembly is required? Are the holes all pre-drilled?
Upon receipt, did the product smell very strongly of something strange? My whole living room smells bad from this condo and no reviews mention this is
what is the height after assembly?
Where is this manufactured?
What are the dimensions of the top bed?
What are the interior dimensions of the condo? My cat is a long 11 lb and likes a lot of space to curl up in.
How far apart in inches are the steps?
What is the real height. I keep seeing different ones
Can anyone speak to how it has held up over time? Months? Year+?
I want a tower for a spot where I cannot attach it to a wall. Should I look for a different tower?
Are the houses on this solid or the flimsy pop-up kind with posts inside?
Who can I contact to get a bed replacement for my tree? I ordered less than 5 months ago and one of the beds ripped and most of the stuffing fell out.
Can i buy replacement parts ?
What is the size of the perch?
Is the condo a solid piece of cardboard or is it the pull over carpet type?
Would it be good for a 20 lb 25 inch long Siberian Forest cat?
I bought this item already can i buy replacement pieces? My cats destroyed the rope and carpet on two legs
Bought a returned tree from amazon.com llc & am missing 2 of the parts. heybrother request is not accepted. how can i get missing pieces?
Would a food & water bowl fit in the lower hiding space?
Does it measure 19.7in with the platform sticking out?
How tall is this cat tree?
what is the height of this?
How big is the package it is delivered in?
How tall is it from the bottom, to the first platform, and from that platform to the top?
what are the dimensions of the little house at the bottom?
Where is there a cat bed on this image? it cannot be on top and how wide is the top piece, please?
Which picture is the actual product?
I purchased this one several years ago (my cat loves it), but he has shreaded the lower post. Can I purchase just a replacement post?
Need some clarification here. some said the bottom cubby is 22", someone else said it was 11" which is it? and the top platform? is that truly 17"?
Does it come woth screws? Mine didnt so now i cant put it together
Mine did not come with any of the screws to assemble it. What do I do now?
Is the cubby house part solid or is it the flimsy material with the 4 poles holding it up on the inside?
What are the inside dimensions of the top area? ( Previous answers vary).
can the bedding be machine washed?
How tall is it
Do you have a bigger size than this? My cat is big. 18lbs and ling. He like to stretxh when sleeping.
Is the drop down pouch removable?
Where is this manufactured?
What are the dimensions of the house part?
Will two cats fit inside?
What is the weight range?
Which country is this made in?
Can’t figure out step eight
I can’t get past step 4 and can’t find a video on YouTube for this specific model. Help!
Im getting a kitten soon, i was wondering would this be fine for it when its a kitten and a full grown cat?
The very top of the tree doesn’t screw on. Is it supposed to hook to a wall?
What’s the weight limit for cats
What is the weight limit for the kitten basket?
How do I attach the bed to the posts? The bed goes into the screws just fine but I don’t see any area to tighten it.
Do you have to put the nest on? Can you leave it off and is the post completely carpet
Does this come with a Wall anchor?
How does it arrive in what packaging?
How can I get replacement suction cups? Do the cups have a guarantee?
Is the hammock strong enough to hold a 19 lb cat?
Are you able to mount it facing the other direction?
Will these damage the walls of my apartment? (Security deposit)
the description says it comes with two ladders, but only one is depicted; which is correct?
How do you remove cloth for cleaning?
Will this handle a large maine coon?
How big is the hole in the hatch I have a large cat will he be able to go through it?
What is the overall dimension of this cat tree tower?
Can you please tell me the size of the shipping box?
Does these dimensions: 58 x 18.9 x 18.9 inches include the ladder?
When can we expect the replacement unit?
Hello there. Could you please update me where is my order??
It seems too difficult to assemble the cat tree, especially the Condo, is that true?
How do I connect the hanging rope?
Very cute design and it's better with teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what is the size of this cat tree house ?
Can this be used outdoors?
Where can I get replacement legs? I emailed an address in another answer but its been a week with no reply. I just need the front left leg.
How stable is it?
How does this smell?
More colors?
Are there supposed to be holes drilled through the base of the tree for support posts P5? They go inside the condo to hold it up.
what is the size of the perch/lounger? and is the basket 18 in ? thanks
I ♡ the color it's really compatible with my teyga magnet clean and dirty sign which is made of bamboo. what type of materials did you use?
What is the. Total width all the way across including to the ends of the baskets?
Anyone know manufacturer's contact info? Any way to get replacement basket(s)?
I have been shopping cat trees for weeks. These 11.8 x 15.7 platforms are so unusually small. Are they really that small? Typo?
Hi, what is the height from the bottom to the top of the two side hammocks?
What is the height
Could one of the hammocks be attached on the front instead of the side? I know it can be put together with just one, but its too wide. Thanks
How tall is the cube and what is the length from front to back? I'm putting this between a toilet and bathtub. Thanks!
Is this about 5 feet tall?
Were can I purchase a replacement basket?
How many transparent spaceship hammock it comes with?
Is it possible to make the pole without the platforms in between?
Is the wood finished or unfinished? Could you stain it a different color?
how big are the platforms?
Is one of the 5 posts supposed to be longer than the others?
My alcove ceiling is only 80 inches...what size should I buy? Thanks!
Can the 100.4 inch tree be lowered to fit a 96inch ceiling?
What are the dimensions of the oval platforms? Can a 13lb cat fit comfortably?
The description says the clear hammock only holds 5 kg, or 11 pounds. Is that really the limit? Do the shelves hold a heavy cat?
How do we contact the seller? Is there a website?
Can anyone give me the link to the base cat tree ? The cat forest climbing tree. I cannot find it anywhere .
Is it stable on carpet?
What is the height of the top chair
Is this really light grey? It look ivory
Where does the extra pillow go? On the highest tower?
How tall is the cylinder piece?
What is the height of this cat tree?
Is this cat tree comfortable enough?
Can the hammock be cleaned?
What is the dimension of the round platform at the top?
How to attach posts to the bottom of this?
Is this tree pre-assembled?
Can you remove the fabric pieces to wash it?
Is there any metal on the bottom of the base?
Are the base dimensions really 24 x 20 on the 32"(L)X27"(W)X78"(H) model? Where do the dimensions spread out to 32 x 27 - at the very top? Thx!!
Any owner have a small dog that is a good jumper? I'm hoping to giv my cats a place to feel safe from the energetic dog. :)
Do the perch have a borders from all sides ?
What is the difference between armarkat cat tree b7701 and b7801?
We are adopting a large breed cat, Ragamuffin,they get to be 15 - 20 pounds. Would this be large enough for a cat that size?
My male cat is long & weighs 12 lbs; will he fit & be comfortable; Lulu female is smaller so I think she'd be ok
Would this be good for cats that weigh more than 10 pounds? Easy to assemble? I'm not the most mechanically inclined :)
Can i get a replacement of the hardware? i moved and the bag contained all the screws and bolts was lost. thanks! cat really enjoys it.
Does it come assembled?
How big are the platforms on this unit? My cats are pretty big. Thanks.
On the "duel post" style tree are the poles wrapped scratching posts? They dont appear to be in pic but description says "jute fiber scratching posts"
can I get extra of the cat toys that come with this?
Would this be tall enough to keep dog out of cat food?
On dual post, what is the height of each of the platforms?
Does the cat tree come with a free cat?
How tall is this?
How tall is the standard option size?
Does the cat tree come with the cat pictured?
The one pictured has different measurements than the one that would be shipped it's not the size in the picture it's too big. What is the measurement?
The second level does not have a predrilled hole to add the scratch post. Any suggestions?
What do you consider a small cat??
How far apart are the two steps, and how high is the first step off the ground? (I have a kitten with mobility issues.)
Is this covered in carpet or fleece?
does this contain catnip or anything other then wood and feece
Would his work for a 6 pound bunny who doesn't have full jumping capabilities?
What wall studs does this need?
What is the weight capacity?
What is the weight capacity? I own this but cant seem to find the max weight.
The back wall to the hammock completely disintegrated on one end. Can I purchase just that piece? It's been over a year.
Why does the condo have 4 holes if it comes only with two compatible screws?
I’m missing a screw for one of the steps - how can I get one sent to me???
Has anyone found additonal steps? I need a few more and want them to match everything else.
Putting together the hammock. Am I really supposed to be drilling 8 holes into the board to attach the hardware? This can't be right.
My product did not come with any screws or instructions. How do I mount in what screws do I need to use
How do i get assembly instructions? there was nothing in the box regarding assembly, so where are the "extended assembly instructions"?
Does this work for large cats? 20lbs?
What size drywall screws did folks use?
Where is this product manufactured?
What is the dimensions on the two top perches
What is the size of the perches
Is the total height 50” or 66” ?
What are the diameters of the 2 highest rest areas?
How tall is this?
What kind of package does it ship in?
How wide?
What are the dimensions of the top platform/bed?
Is this recommended for kittens or full-grown cats?
How tall is this and what is the max weight for an individual cat to use this and max weight for two cats using it please?
How much does it weigh?
What is the weight limit for the side bed/hammock?
Can it be put together without the scratch board?
What material is on the scratch board?
What's dimension of this cat tree house ? i want to see if it will fit in my teyga cat tree house clean/dirty sign
Can you attach the basket to the other side?
Size of base board?
What is the max width of this product (from farthest point to farthest point, left to right)?
How long is the platform? It is the platform below the perches and hanging ball toys?
I have 2 cats and the both weigh 18 lbs. I want to know if it’s made for large cats. Are the beds/platforms big enough and is it sturdy enough?
How tall is it?
Can you attach another basket to this if so does it screw on or slide over post?
My wife ordered this and we just got it yesterday, i do not have enough W8 screws to finish it as enough were not supplied, yet I got over 30 W3?
Is it already assembled?
Where is this product made?
Screw comes through the bottom of the enclosure. it is going to be too sharp for my kitten. if i screwed in less it’s not stable. what to do ?
How do you remove the fabric for washing?
how many studs is required to install this product?
Is there a hole leading into the box from the top? Thanks
I'm confused. Looks like carpet, but the description indicates sisal also. Can anyone confirm where the sisal is? My cats don't respond to sisal!
Does it come assembled?
Does it have carpet on the under side?
What is the diameter of this cat condo?
Is this cat tree 18.8 inches high?
Is the middle floor a half is shelf or is each hole a separate apartment?
What are the platform measurements in diameter?
The top of page says dimensions 30x18x18. The description says 10x6.5x18. Which is it?
What are the dimensions? Height & diameter?
Description states the color is natural, but the picture is green. What color did you receive and does it fall down when large cats jump down from it?
how is it?Does it work well?
How do you go about replacing the sisal fiber after it worn out? I hate to buy a whole new item..when that is the only part worn out. Thanks.
How is this installed? How do I know if it will work on my cat tree?
Are there larger sizes anywhere?
Can I put this on a chair?
can you mount with the stairs going down either to the left or right?
What are the pads made of? (my cat loves this tree so much she won't use the other ones lol. I think its the texture of the pads she likes)
Is it paper rope for scratching post or a true fiber sisal?
Would this be ideal for a 17 pound cat?
Can I buy a larger bed for the top? My cat is long and seems to have a hard time getting cozy atop his perch
Is it possible to replace the posts or do I need to purchase the rope and do it myself? Our cats have destroyed 3 of the posts
Are people using a rug underneath it as shown?
Is the cat perch bed removable/machine washable?
I don't see the dimensions of three-level elevated cat tree condo with massage & particle board; can someone provide?
Hello. Has anyone found this to be wobbly? Thank you 🙏🏼 in advance.
Was there a noticeable odor when you first received this item? Thank you in advance for any help.
Does your cat actually use the "massage arc"?
Has this remained sturdy for those who have purchased? Do you still consider it a good item? Thank you for any help.
What size is the top bed?
what kind of screws does it need?
Can the mouse toy on the cat tree be replaced?
I have a large female cat,will this size small cat condo work for her too?
Will it hold a 20 pound cat?
How wide is the opening to the cat tower cave? Dose the condo plush is washable?
How big are the platforms?
What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats.
Does this have a ball sticking up on a spring for the cat to play with? Didn't see on the tan model but looks like there is on the black?
I a trying to figure out how to contact company for replacement part
Can you make it higher than 112" by adding more pieces? (My ceiling's really high!)
Does this product come with a warranty?
How easy is it to do the soy sisal rope?
I need to substitute one pole.. is there anyway i can buy a replacement?
Can i cut one of the pole section? I am about 5 inches long. My ceiling is only 92 inches in height.
Will this fit 10 foot ceiling?
Are the poles solid inside? Or empty?
Does this work like a tension rod? Or do the measurements/parts need to be exact?
What is the distance from the floor to the large middle platform? Thanks!
what is the height of third step from the floor?
The photo for the gray cat tree shows a beige cat tree. Is there a correct photo of the gray cat tree?
Could a chubby cat fit comfortably on the top level?
Will the condo hold my 19 lb maine coon, especially at the top, without tipping? What's the distance between the second step and the first level?
How tall is this product (to the bed part of the top pet bed)?
Is this made with real carpet or faux fur?
Any specific instructions for washing the cat bed?
Could a senior cat without front claws get to the top?
Can this be returned at a Petco store?
What is the total height? And what are the heights from step to step?
photos in reviews don't match the photos of the product (in gray) provided, so which is it?
How do I contact the seller? The instructions are missing.
Would it work well for a 16lb and a 14lb cat?
Are the bed covers removable and washable ?
What are the dimensions of the cat beds?
Can I get a replacement pouch?
cave size?
Missing some parts can i get them sent to me?
How wide is this at its widest point?
How tall is this cat tree in inches like 72" or more
where is this product made?
How high is the first shelf that the cat has to jump on in order to get onto the tree?
Could this be made to sit in a corner against both walls? I'm unsure if the top platforms or side basket would prevent this.
We are looking for a tree with a safer and roomy platform to platform climbing for two less agile 18 pound cats. What is the safest tree for this?
Do the dimensions - 50x26x74 - apply to the base or to the fullest part of the tree? I'm interested to hear about sturdiness and stability.
Is this sturdy enough for a rather large cat? 22lbs? Would the top tiers fit him?
My one cat is 22 pounds...will this be okay for him?
How dark is the color? The description says it is beige but it looks more goldenrod, which I don't care for. Thanks.
Has anyone found a good way to remove stains on this cat tree?
Which Is thicker faux fur or faux fleece
Can it be used outdoors?
On the A7101 what are the dimensions (including the opening) of the open barrel/cylinder/tunnel?
Are the houses on this tree big enough for a medium to large size cat?
Is this item assembled?
I would like the bottom of the platforms/condos to fully carpeted so I don't see the carpet edge underneath. Are they, or can you see the boards?
What exactly has to be Attached to a wall?
Does this come in beige or brown?
How hard is it to assemble?
Would a litter box fit on the bottom piece?
Would a 15lbs cat fit?
What’s the best way to clean it from urine
Does this come with instructions and tool?
How can you sell this with the 2 top platforms not in the box?
How well has it held up for your cat(s) and how long have they had it?
Is there a warranty?
How do i get replacent pieces?
Does this come in cream or brown?
I would like to get this so my cat would play with it while I'm at work. Would I need to worry about him getting his paw stuck in the string?
I have a large cat and I am wondering if he will be able to get into the house area .... How big is the opening?
Older consumer. Is it difficult to assemble and how long? Have 3 cats. Two fairly lg. males and small female. Fun for all?
Where is it manufactured?
what are the scratching posts covered with?
can the cats get from one platform to the next one up easily?
Hi! What is the height of the second shelf from the top? I need a ledge that's the height of the windows on a standard garage door. Thanks!
Does it come with the hanging toys
What is the size information of each part of the cat tree tower?
Can the cat hanging basket be moved to the right side of the cat tower?
Is this cat tree suitable for large cats?
How can this cat tree be cleaned?
Does it need to be assembled?
Can the cat tower offer the function for scratching?
Is the wood board material used to make the cat tree strong?
Will the cat tower basket fit an adult cat of 18 lbs?
What material is the blanket covering the cat tree?
Could you tell me the size of the top perch?
Can I purchase accessories separately?
Can the platform of this cat tree hold multiple cats?
The picture shows all carpet but the description says unoiled sisal. Is the post sisal or carpet? Thank you
Why is the beige more expensive than the brown?
Where is the scratching post on this?
Does this come put together?
what are the dimensions of the sleeping rounds?
Why is the top sleeper post not in the mddle?
Does it come with an instruction manual?
Can we get cushions or pads for this cat tree?
Can it be washed with water?
Is it easy to assemble?
Will the wood board have a peculiar smell?
What kind of wood is this cat tree made of?
Is it possible to buy additional parts to extend it and make my tower taller? all i would need is one h or g piece because my ceiling is too tall
What is the height of the top platform?
Are there 5 tiers? There are only 3 tiers pictured. 4 tiers if you count the floor.
Do I need to drill holes in ceiling? Is the tension rod secure ?
Do i need to drill
What’s the ceiling stopper disc measure?
Where can i buy replacement balls? My cat loves this but he destroys the balls fast.
At what heights are the platforms?
Can this cat tree be assembled without the perches in the middle? I want my cat to be able to climb straight up.
My ceiling is 90.6". will this cat tower work for me?
What is the maximum weight this will hold? I have big cats.
dimensions for top tower level?
what are the dimensions?
where can I get directions on how to assemble a Trixie Palamos scratching post
Which are the packaging measures? Thank you
How tall is the Palamos cat tree?
I ordered my cat tree a month ago, and my ups delivery driver refused to deliver it to me. It was mailed back to the sender. How do i get a refund??
If I put a 50lb bag of sand at the base you think that will prevent it from falling?
How tall is this tree?
How Tall is it when it is put together?
How wide and long is the top, middle and bottom perches?
Is the rectangular condo big enough for an adult cat?
What is the diameter of the poles?
Does it come with the cats? I'm not really sure if i can feed two more animals.
How long will it last?
Can i get replacement posts? mine are losing their rope
Diameter of the bed areas?
does this really take 12 to 13 weeks to get ? Im confused it says prime 4 to 5 days but when u click it says usually ships in 12 to 13 weeks.
I lost some of the screws! Where can I buy some? So sad!
does it come with an anchor to secure to wall for tipping purpose?
When modified to bring the top perch down, what is the overall height?
How high is it to the 3rd tier platform and how high to the lower bed?
Are there step by step assembly instructions on this page?
What are the dimensions of the posts?
How tall is the middle perch from the floor?
what sizes are the perches and the house?
Has anyone replaced the poorly made parts with the us-made feline design columns, or did you just purchase another cheap cat tree?
How tall is this?
Can no get the toys in the top to go in the little holes
Why can't I return this? Amazon tells me there is an error when I click on "return item"
What is the size of this cat tree house ? i want to install this to my teyga magnet clean/dirty to educate my kids.
How tall is this product
We just received our order, up there are no instructions. Can we please get the assembly directions?
Do you sell the parts for this model?
What are the poles material? it says the boards are solid pine but says nothing about the poles material. poles important for stability.
Is the wood stained or varnished? Or can I stain it and varnish it to match our decor?
Is the cubby large enough to fit an 11# average build tabby and his food dish?
Description says there is a litter space, but no reviews mention it. Does it have an area for litter, and, if so, where?
Is there a bigger replacement piece for the top tower?
The wall securement strap is too short. I need another 2 inches. Suggestions?
Can this cat tree be assembled, disassembled and assembled again easily?
How do you clean this cat tree? There is so much cat hair from my 2 cats and I need to know how to clean it.
How tall is it?
Will a big 22 lb. Cat fit on the various levels of this tree?
I lost the instructions during our move. Can anyone tell me how to put it together please
How wide is this both ways?
Lost the assembly manual, is there an electronic version available?
will it tip over with fat cat? will it be sturdy enough without attaching to a wall?
How tall is this?
What tools do i need to assemble the cat activity tree?
when the cat jumps up, the cat tower remain stable?
These posts and catpet are easily damaged？
Will this work for adult cats? I have 2 cats about 13lbs and 20lbs.
how do i make the flower lay flat? I can't unscrew the slanted base under the flower? does anyone know which direction is u screws?
how do you make the flower lay flat? So the cat can sit on it?
Is this tall enough for a cat to stretch out while scratching?
Is this big enought for a cat wide 14 inches...long 21 inches?
What is the flower size?
How tall is it?
Where is it made?
What is the diameter of the pole?
What is the flower dimensions?
So my cat wants nothing to do with this thing. He's got no interest. Tips?
are the products USA made?
How many inches from the first/floor platform to the second platform? I would like to put it at my 23" high window sill where his cat door is.
What weight cats is this unit appropriate for?
Why does the white one look pink? Is it pink?
my cat likes to rip off and eat the faux fur. Is that safe to consume? Also how do I deter that behavior without scaring the cat off the tower?
What are the demensions of the base?
Where can I order another platform with the ridge around it for the cat tree I purchased?
For model B5301 53" with the ramp, at what height from the floor are the first level with the house and then the next level up (2nd perch from top)?
I'm searching everywhere for a way to keep my cat's food up high enough in the mudroom, away from our dogs. Will this work?
where can I buy replacement balls?
Some photos for the Armarkat B5301 53-Inch Cat Tree, Ivory have the ramp and some don't and are built slightly different - are there 2 options?
Is the top platform real stable? I've had a similar condo before and the top on that one was very wobbly and eventually started leaning
im worried it be too small for my cat, he is 10, he a bit longer than a usual cat, is 50-60 inches is big enough for an adult? thatslike 4-5 ft right?
Do you offer free return?
Hi everyone! The item title says "beige", but the product description says its green, ?? image looks like sisal posts,but not stated in description
How soft is the faux fur? I bought my cat a super, super soft faux fur blanket and she won't touch it!
Size of cubby hole?
What is the toy hanging from the tree?
On the model a5201, can i attach two condo houses(one above the other)? doing some improvising for my two cats
What are the dimensions of the topmost platform?
I have the a5201 20"(l)x20"(w)x52"(h). how do i make it less wobbly? i don't think she could jump on it as it is.
I live in an apartment that is mostly carpeted. Is it still stable if placed on carpet?
How to clean faux fur cat tree?
How tall are the posts?
What are the dimensions of the front "hole"?
the size of top shelf ?
What is the height and width of the brush?
How big the the inside of the mushroom house?
Is the floor of top lounger solid? Also, is this cat activity tree stable?
I like the design. What is the height of the cat tree house from the floor?
Is this cat activity tree stable for large cat?
Is this cat tree already assembled? Thank you!
How much weight can it support at once? I may or may not have a fattichubs who likes to sit on others to get his way.
Silly question, but what is the height from the floor to the bottom of the U?
It says the material is fleece but doesn't look like it. How well does this material hold up
Do you sell replacement toys?
Does the paper rope hold up to heavy scratching use? Does it shred or fall apart?
Can this be set up on covered back porch?
Is this American Made?
Can you get replacement posts?
How long is the top platform? I have a large cat and worried it might not be big enough.
Could someone please tell me the length and width of the base/bottom? I am trying to fit it in a specific place.
Does it come with any cat toys?
Mine is missing instruction manual. Can someone please post?
I just received my box today but I am missing instructions. Can anyone post a copy?
I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact them?
I have a 6lb cat and a 12lb kitten (he’s 1 year old and huge) Will this work for both of them?
My 3 year old is missing a back leg. My current tree has a level almost directly over a level. He can't navigate that. Is this the same?
Would this work for a 27lb Maine coon cat?
Will this fit in a 20” space between a bed and the wall?
I am missing 3 of the double sided screws. Can't find this company's info anywhere online to request the screws. Anyone know how to contact this compa
What is the weight limit? My cat is 14#.
Will someone please post a copy of the instructions, it was left out of mg box.
What are the dimensions of the base board?
Could this be put together on first floor then carried up to the 2nd floor
Do the cats actually use this for sharpening their claws? Or do they mostly use it for sleeping/playing?
Is the carpet glued or stapled on?
Is it for large cAts
Since the baskets extend beyond the dimensions of the base, what are the dimensions of the larger cat bed when taking 2 beds into account?
Can you take off and/or wash the cushions?
Is the plush material peachy-pink, or more neutral-beige in color?
Can I buy just the round basket to screw on?
Does the short post for the bastket screw on? If so, could I replace the shorter post with a longer sisal scratching post?
Are the baskets interchangeable?
can i switch the baskets? put the rounder bigger one on top??
Do cats scratch and break the perch?
Can i buy just the extension piece? I have this tree already but would like it to be taller to look out the window.
I like the unique design and i think it's fit to my teyga magnet clean/dirty. what is the size of the cat tree house?
